Fix required service and host resource attributes (#17348)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-best-practices-resources.mdx

#### Required attributes

* [`service.name`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/attributes-registry/service): The service name you see in the UI comes from this value.

#### Recommended attributes [#recommended-attributes]

* [`service.instance.id`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/attributes-registry/service): Enables faceting between multiple instances of the same service.

> * [`telemetry.sdk.language`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/attributes-registry/telemetry): When present, drives the display of any runtime specific UI. For example, the JVM runtime page for Java applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`telemetry.sdk.language`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/attributes-registry/telemetry): When present, this value drives the display of any runtime-specific UI, such as the JVM runtime page for Java applications.
```

#### Required attributes [#required-attributes]

* [`host.name`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/attributes-registry/host): The host name you see in the UI comes from this value.

> * [`host.id`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/attributes-registry/host)

Reviewer: @alanwest Can you also add a description for host.id, for consistency in this section?
